My name is Leonard Kelly from New Jersey,
I came to rightlook.com to learn alloy wheel
repair and had a great time. I learned a lot
and can’t wait to get started. I chose rightlook.com
because after researching several different
websites for wheel repair, rightlook.com had
the best reputation and most comprehensive
training and they provided testimonials which
helped me make my decision.
There were only two of us in the class, that’s
all they allow so we had a lot of one-on-one
with the trainer. He was always next to us
making sure we were doing everything right.
He did provide us with a lot of real world
knowledge because he’s been in the field
for so long. So not only did we get the basics
of wheel manufacturing, or fixing alloy wheels,
we also got little tips when we would do something
maybe wrong, or something was slowing us down.
He was able to give u some tips and tricks
to help us in the future because of such a
background. We learned a lot but we also had
a great time.
For me the 2nd day when we got to do a wheel
and make our own colors was great. We could
mix any of the paint and make our own color;
we came up with some pretty interesting designs.
For me, that was the best part but the whole
class was a great time.
The equipment was great, the wheel right system
really seems like it speeds up the repair.
I’ve known people who’ve tried to do it
without it and you just don’t get the results.
The chemicals weren’t too obnoxious… but
everything was pretty easy, everything was
covered step-by-step.
I would definitely people that would work
for me in the future come here rather than
try to teach them myself because you get such
a great background… I feel very confident
to start our last car here, with a customer’s
car, a Mercedes, and you’re a little nervous
at first but it came out fine. So yea, I’m
very confident.